## Emblem Generator: JavaScript library to generate SVG emblems

Based on unmaintained repository [GW2Emblem](https://github.com/mtodor/gw2emblem) by Mladen Todorovic (mtodor@gmail.com)

### How to use!

Include `emblem-generator.js` file into HTML:

```
<script type="text/javascript" src="emblem-generator.js"></script>
```

Init emblemGenerator in empty div with the id 'emblem-div'

```
    // 'emblem-div' is div ID and 256 is size of emblem in pixels
    emblemGenerator.init('emblem-div', 256);
```

Display Emblem defined with object option:

```
    emblemGenerator.drawEmblemObj({
    	"background_id":1,
    	"foreground_id":"star",
    	"flags":[],
    	"background_color_id":348,
    	"foreground_primary_color_id":52,
    	"foreground_secondary_color_id":113
    });
```

It's possible to use background color (instead of default image) - it's sent as 3rd argument for init function call:
```
emblemGenerator.init('emblem-div', 128, 'transparent');
```
or
```
emblemGenerator.init('emblem-div', 128, '#3682a0');
```

### Development

The point of the project is to provide an emblem generator with your own assets!

For this, I developed an Asset Generator to generate backgrounds and foregrounds from SVG files.

To use this Asset Generator, follow the guide ;)

#### Requirements

For the following parts, you will need:
- NodeJs
- Yarn (or NPM)

Once installed, get dependencies with the `yarn` command.

#### Asset Generator

##### Prepare the files
There are already demo assets in 'assets/backgrounds' and 'assets/emblems' folders. To add some assets, just add some SVG files in these folders.

The files have some requirements so that the Asset Generator works properly:
- The name of the file will be it ID (without the extension), so choose simple names without special characters
- SVG file should be 256x256
- SVG file should be as simple as possible: avoid transformations like 'scale' or 'translate' because only the path will be used 
- For backgrounds, `path` tags must be nested just below the `svg` tag. See the SVG files in `assets/backgrounds` folder for example
- For emblems, `path` tags must be nested just below the `svg` tag OR nested in a `g` tag to group paths by fill color. The `g` must be nested under the `svg` tag. See the SVG files in `assets/emblems` folder for example
- For emblems, the fill color will be used to determinate to which group belongs the shape. There are 4 different groups:
    - Primary color (use the `foreground_primary_color_id` option)
    - Secondary color (use the `foreground_secondary_color_id` option)
    - Secondary color transparent (use the `foreground_secondary_color_id` option with some opacity)
    - Black transparent (use black color with some opacity)
 
    So to determine in which group to dispatch the path, check this table:
    
    | Group                       | Color code                   |
    |-----------------------------|----------------------------|
    | Primary color               | #ff0000                    |
    | Secondary color             | #00ff00                    |
    | Secondary color transparent | #0000ff                    |
    | Black transparent           | #000000 or any other color |
    
    Once again, see the SVG files in `assets/emblems` folder for example
    
##### Generate the assets

Run `yarn generate-assets` to generate the assets then run `yarn build` to rebuild the `embelm-generator.js` file.

You will now be able to use the new assets by passing their IDs (the SVG filename without the extension) to the object array in `drawEmblemObj()` method in your html file.

#### Modify the source code

If you want to modify the source code to your own needs, just check the files in `src` folder.

Any PR is welcome :)

##### Asset Generator

For the Asset Generator, modify the `src/asset-generator/AssetGenerator.js` file.

Then run `yarn build-asset-generator`. It uses babel to generate `util/AssetGenerator` that is used by the command `yarn generate-assets`

##### Emblem Generator

There are 4 source files for Emblem Generator:
- EmblemGenerator.js (main file based on the original project)
- assets.js (generated by the Asset Generator)
- colors.js (where all the colors used are defined)
- index.js (to instanciate the Emblem Generator)

I you make any change to one of those files (in fact, you should'nt have to modify `assets.js` that is a generated file), you should run `yarn build` to regenerate `emblem-generator.js`

### Author

Benoît Ripoche - Kiplin

benoit.ripoche@kiplin.com
